README.md, before:

# 💾 The Floppy Disc Keychain 💾
<sub> if cant see the emojis you should probably update frfr

## What is it?
It's, well, a keychain in the shape of a floppy disc. It has very awesome amazing functions like:
- Being a keychain
- Being a PCB
- Being a PCB (with NFC :0)
- Being **NOT** waterproof (unless you or I make a case)

## Technical specifications and other stuff
Size: 25mm x 25mm

BOM:
|ID |Name          |Designator|Quantity|Manufacturer Part|Manufacturer   |Price (USD)|
|---|--------------|----------|--------|-----------------|---------------|-----|
|1  |220nF         |C1        |1       |CL10B224KA8NNNC  |SAMSUNG(三星)    |0.006|
|2  |0805G (Green) |LED1      |1       |KT-0805G         |KENTO          |0.011|
|3  |47Ω           |R1        |1       |0603WAF470JT5E   |UNI-ROYAL(厚声)  |0.001|
|4  |EVPAA602W     |SW1       |1       |EVPAA602W        |PANASONIC(松下)  |0.214|
|5  |NT3H2111W0FHKH|U1        |1       |NT3H2111W0FHKH   |NXP(恩智浦)       |0.695|

This is just for the PCB part, if you want to actually also make the keychain part, you'll need some keychain split rings, a keyring, and (if necessary, a normal pair of pliers should do fine) some keychain pliers.

## Images
(I also sincerely apologize for the low quality images, but I'll throw my laptop off of the second floor if I have to go through EasyEDA to KiCad conversion.)

<img width="602" height="606" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/944e015e-8c1c-44e6-8290-82e3451693ba" />

The schematic of the PCB

<img width="315" height="332" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5b06489d-bb5c-4ff5-aa91-0a4f1ec85005" />
<img width="304" height="305" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/abf22ebb-2146-49f9-bdba-fbdb1fd155a3" />

Front and backside of the PCB.

Commit message:

journal
istg if copilot makes anther message suggestion

README.md, after:

# 💾 The Floppy Disc Keychain 💾
<sub> if cant see the emojis you should probably update frfr

## What is it?
It's, well, a keychain in the shape of a floppy disc. It has very awesome amazing functions like:
- Being a keychain
- Being a PCB
- Being a PCB (with NFC :0)
- Being **NOT** waterproof (unless you or I make a case)

If you'd like to see the process of making this thing I recommend you check out [the journal](https://github.com/j4y-boi/floppy-disc-keychain/blob/main/JOURNAL.md).

## Technical specifications and other stuff
Size: 25mm x 25mm

BOM:
|ID |Name          |Designator|Quantity|Manufacturer Part|Manufacturer   |Price (USD)|
|---|--------------|----------|--------|-----------------|---------------|-----|
|1  |220nF         |C1        |1       |CL10B224KA8NNNC  |SAMSUNG(三星)    |0.006|
|2  |0805G (Green) |LED1      |1       |KT-0805G         |KENTO          |0.011|
|3  |47Ω           |R1        |1       |0603WAF470JT5E   |UNI-ROYAL(厚声)  |0.001|
|4  |EVPAA602W     |SW1       |1       |EVPAA602W        |PANASONIC(松下)  |0.214|
|5  |NT3H2111W0FHKH|U1        |1       |NT3H2111W0FHKH   |NXP(恩智浦)       |0.695|

This is just for the PCB part, if you want to actually also make the keychain part, you'll need some keychain split rings, a keyring, and (if necessary, a normal pair of pliers should do fine) some keychain pliers.

## Images
(I also sincerely apologize for the low quality images, but I'll throw my laptop off of the second floor if I have to go through EasyEDA to KiCad conversion.)

<img width="602" height="606" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/944e015e-8c1c-44e6-8290-82e3451693ba" />

The schematic of the PCB

<img width="315" height="332" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5b06489d-bb5c-4ff5-aa91-0a4f1ec85005" />
<img width="304" height="305" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/abf22ebb-2146-49f9-bdba-fbdb1fd155a3" />

Front and backside of the PCB.
